Why are you going up there? Are you still giving me food to live on?
How does he know that I am interested in convenience and decoration?
Harvest so soon?
That's what I was thinking today
How bad should we be to let the same person serve?
Don’t you want to have a month?
No, what month is this?
If you pick one up, let him serve you first
Are you still serving when you're done?
Enough? Contact
Don't make your own decisions in the future. Introduce me to this kind of month
But I think he is really suitable for you
Then if you think it's not possible
Then I want it
I really like it
If you were indifferent now
Loved these all day
Women can do anything if they don't break up.
Come and work hard tomorrow, everyone
Everyone, what is he trying to say?
It's obviously him
He said he wanted to renovate the early warning center
And he particularly likes your design style
So we just
But why today?
You are the leader of love
The original copy of the talk about doing business
Maybe my father and I don’t have a hand in each other’s hands.
But you are worried too
I'll accompany you back
I'll talk to her again
I think she is like this today
It's because she got divorced recently
Not in a good mood
So thank you, Mr. Lin, for the listing. Is there any more?
Where are the drinks today?
Me boys
It's all wrapped up in us
We'll leave first. Bye.
your blue boy
The job is to be able to take on this day
Is there any
Just now
It sounds like there is no hope
Don't eat these little blue bosses
Okay, how can there be a way? Hmm
Then you just said that sometimes
Then that, that, that, that, that, then